Add docs for ScalarDB Cluster chart (#210)
scalar-labs/helm-charts: docs/configure-custom-values-scalardb-cluster.md

## Required configurations

### Image configurations

You must set `scalardbCluster.image.repository` and `scalardbCluster.image.tag`. Please specify the container repository information that you pull the ScalarDB Cluster container image.

```yaml
scalardbCluster:
  image:
    repository: <Container image of ScalarDB Cluster>
    tag: <Tag of image>
```

### Database configurations

You must set `scalardbCluster.scalardbClusterNodeProperties`. Please set your `scalardb-cluster-node.properties` to this parameter. For more details on the configurations of ScalarDB Cluster, see [ScalarDB Cluster document](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb-cluster/blob/main/docs/index.md#configurations).

```yaml
scalardbCluster:
  scalardbClusterNodeProperties: |
    scalar.db.cluster.membership.type=KUBERNETES
    scalar.db.cluster.membership.kubernetes.endpoint.namespace_name=${env:SCALAR_DB_CLUSTER_MEMBERSHIP_KUBERNETES_ENDPOINT_NAMESPACE_NAME}
    scalar.db.cluster.membership.kubernetes.endpoint.name=${env:SCALAR_DB_CLUSTER_MEMBERSHIP_KUBERNETES_ENDPOINT_NAME}
    scalar.db.contact_points=localhost
    scalar.db.username=cassandra

>     scalar.db.password=cassandra

Reviewer: We need to make these sensitive info environment variables for the security reason?

Author: Ah, that's right. It is better to use env variables in the example.

I set row values here since: 

* Strictly, using env variables is not a **requirement**.
* There is another section (`Secret configurations`) that describes how to use the `Secret` resource.

However, I think this is not a good example. Using env variables is strongly recommended in the production environment. So, I will update this example to use env variables.

Author: I did it in c6ada108210e988c5ca16487ad61c34d65e40792. Please take a look again when you have time!
(I will do the same update for other documents in another PR.)

                  - scalardb-cluster
    podAntiAffinity:
      requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
        - labelSelector:
            matchExpressions:
              - key: app.kubernetes.io/name
                operator: In
                values:
                  - scalardb-cluster
              - key: app.kubernetes.io/app
                operator: In
                values:
                  - scalardb-cluster
          topologyKey: kubernetes.io/hostname
```

### Taints/Tolerations configurations (Recommended in the production environment)

If you want to control pod deployment using the taints and tolerations of Kubernetes, you can use `scalardbCluster.tolerations`.

You can configure them using the same syntax as the tolerations of Kubernetes. For more details on the tolerations configuration of Kubernetes, see [Taints and Tolerations](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/).

```yaml
scalardbCluster:
  tolerations:
    - effect: NoSchedule
      key: scalar-labs.com/dedicated-node
      operator: Equal
      value: scalardb-cluster
```

### Prometheus/Grafana configurations  (Recommended in the production environment)

> If you want to monitor ScalarDB Cluster pods using [kube-prometheus-stack](https://github.com/prometheus-community/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/kube-prometheus-stack), you can deploy a ConfigMap, a ServiceMonitor, and a PrometheusRule resource for kube-prometheus-stack using `scalardbCluster.grafanaDashboard.enabled`, `scalardbCluster.serviceMonitor.enabled`, and `scalardbCluster.prometheusRule.enabled`.

Reviewer 2: Thank you for clarifying. I made one minor revision to your updated sentence.

```suggestion
To monitor ScalarDB Cluster pods by using [kube-prometheus-stack](https://github.com/prometheus-community/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/kube-prometheus-stack), you can set `scalardbCluster.grafanaDashboard.enabled`, `scalardbCluster.serviceMonitor.enabled`, and `scalardbCluster.prometheusRule.enabled` to `true`. When you set these configurations to `true`, the chart deploys the necessary resources and kube-prometheus-stack starts monitoring automatically.
```
